# to do:
dynamite themed error message component: YOU'll BLOW UP ONE DAY!!

# <stars>/stars.js ----->  shooting star. grab a random star, give it a class with @Keyframe to make it shoot. different keyframes different directions. timeout remove animation.
<!-- no search bar there are a few search bars already that's enough lol. it's an extra page have a little fun. -->
<!-- # search bar starsDynamicUI STARS_RANDOM_USER -->

<luckypull/> alternative "Pairents", data-based guessing game: cards dragged onto table to guess children of parent strains data {luckypull: drag coin into slot} // original app had coin into mine

navbar. if no currentuser.id ---> home  if there is current user take them to /strain.tsx

# npm i Capptcha 


# DEPLOYMENT!
<!-- pool has to obviously be synced to vercel. -->
const pool = new Pool({
  user: 'postgres',
  host: 'localhost',
  database: 'minenugget',
  password: 'esppsi777',
  port: 5432,
  max: 50,
});


when saving a mine () => submitClick () => have to update the redis cache

might have to fix the login.
# DEPLOYMENT!



















<!--       movies -->
# control panel that uses redux state to interact with video player props. {moccasin && $puregold} let the user toggle the control panels. page size styling with useEffect
# https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-player    |     https://cookpete.com/react-player/
<!-- might have to embed youtube video and deal with that for 404 issue. -->
tony hawks secret tapes to watch the videos of the apps. with a POPCORN bucket as the icon to watch movies you can't be serious lmaoo. <footer> film.png
I would kill to have a linked list that looked like a movie reel and iterated through the list to see the movies of the application.
<!--       movies -->

redCarpetHome.png (navbar only button that takes user out of app)
win leaderboard (trophy.png)  -----> make make a podium for the leaderboard and allow the user to search or scroll through non-podium earners. Index will be their descending rank. star footer



<!--       winsCeremony -->
$ $ $ the wins are now the .constellation, && overcome need of useRef with: .js   https://codepen.io/Soundslike_Alex/pen/NdRGdK $ $ $
sneak luckypull.png into here to allow them to get more wins.
<!--       winsCeremony -->


<!--       photos -->
organize the search for these photos by component which 
possibly only see that easter egg photo if you've seen every single image lol. so many ideas even if they're not all good ones.
<!--       photos -->

movie ropes theming. redcarpet navbar. ropebarrier footer
almost used runner up image reel with camera icon. (also the icon6333 for cards) (also old photos of app vs new)
<!-- trophyroom -->


<!-- profile and icons -->
/findmine.tsx -> magnify & userSearch -> needs {space-between} first User rubs against the userinput.
<!-- profile and icons -->


<!-- strain -->
# SaveMines -> confirmation with a thumb or other .png upon successful strain or a return of Hatmaz/wet floor sign for when they get wrong.
<!-- strain -->





<!-- ALSO CHECK NPM I CAPPTCHA LETS GET IT RUNNING LATER IN THE DAY! /loginSignupMirror -->
# !!!!!!!!!!!!! <GoldMineCapptcha> -> LoginSignupMirror <Container id={styles.cont}> Line 110    GOLDMINECAPPTCHA needs INLINESTYLING!!!!!!!!
<!-- ALSO CHECK NPM I CAPPTCHA LETS GET IT RUNNING LATER IN THE DAY! /loginSignupMirrors -->

<!-- trophy room -->
RUNNER UPS: {findmine: ring, watch (last used to represent king and queen) }

<!-- trophy room -->



<Captcha/> ---> possibly before user even logs in once ---> /LoginSignupMirror.tsx -> [const_loginUser()=>] .thenBlock -> SET_INPUT_STATE... if the user logs in wrong twice set the captcha up!
delete tables and reset up with icon.

# Puppeteer to add strain wow if I didn't think the slots would be worth an hour... to use the slots as the puppeteer icon. like you're gambling for a strain to add to API. unreal.  

# SaveMines looks fine.  Gold To Be Mine ${Username} to Be Gold.            And make the top-text iterate letter by letter for G-o-l-d T-o B-e M-i-n-e do something letter by letter.
spinning pickaxe loading bar. 
<Boop> without state.

Component composition: <PrivateRoute> that doesn't allow user to click upon routes.

$ $ $ const Capptcha: React.FC<CapptchaProps> = ({ size, style }) => { $ $ $        <!-- see about using React.FC functional component when appropriate -->

*****
    <div className={styles.container}>
      <Head>
        <title>cAPPtcha</title>
        <meta name="description" content="Generated by create next app" />
#        <link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico" />                        // favicon.ico by page!
      </Head>
*****


# doing
findMine userprofile and social media (user sees other users data)

# done
so far so good but have to remember strainId and strain.id have to be in sync.
might have an issue with db.likes (strainid is currently @unique field which i'm changing to not be @unique) I might have to change likes to be associated to users instead.
pairents. holy cow had a 4 streak of no right answer available. fix it please!   
Must win family tree once to select icon and 3x to see the trophy room. 
famtree is a casino / King and Queen card game! luckypull.png -> pull the slot and start the game god dang you lmaoo
all routes for graphQL [add_MinersOnStrains] <!-- they should all be good -->
# t-shirt back: mine.png -----> Find the Gold. Find the Mine. 
lipstick on the mirror and kiss theme. if you're gonna theme.. go in!
login and SignupConstraints! 
index.tsx should be the main page with a big login button like water-app and there should be a strain route that takes human to the current [index.tsx] page.
Generics Interfaces: Omit, extends interface. 
<Main> -> loop over DB with dynamic UI and iterate 
Contexts Bank for main
"Gold to be Mine. Mine to Be Gold" top text bottom text. 
fonts: 'Lemon Milk', 'Josefin Sans', 'Moon Dance'
goldcursor 1 when not on main container and goldcursor2 on the main container looks awesome. 
@reduxjs/toolkit config.
seed DB 
graphQL config. 
initial <nav> <main> <footer> grid-area format. 
<!-- TOP TEXT BOTTOM TEXT -----> navbar column footer column ?  --> NOPE! doesn't look good and takes away from the images. Gold text is everywhere in this app we're just adding soundFX.
might also try starry night and to turn magnify.png in navbar to a div with stars.

<!-- fam tree -->
*** fix the issue with no correct answer try to set it up to be based on behavior. ***

# leaderboard during findmine that has the winners from this!!
<DYNAMIC_UI/> Pairents || LuckyPull (also solves the problem of hey how to get them exact well be writing the same code twice.)

luckypull.png
king & queen of spades ------> Lose the guessing game and a jester pops up. 
Error 1: "You're <span>kid<span>ding" You're Kidding
Error 2 you lose: You've been Fooled! Jester Pops up!

cactus and blackjack table.png 
dance animation for when game is in play?

surprised last night I didn't see that: the coin would be dragged into the slot machine. didn't become obvious till day later.

King.png & queen.png ---> 4 cards face down. 4 coins. drag a coin and while dragging the corresponding card {opacity: 0.1} drag onto coin flashes back. Win and see kingspades.png gold cards

<!-- fam tree -->


<!-- profile and icons -->
click on the safety vest to select icon. 

[][ have to redo the video beause the eraser.png wasn't restarting the redis cache and so it still showed the strain. and the strain toggles back after leaving review I believe]
deleteStrains route with dynamite
SHOW_FEED Miners -> hover on their coin to see if they liked it, click their coin to see the primary show text. 

<PrivateRoute> for sure...
<FindMine> 1 cone to see your own profile. 3 cones to see the feed.
Might add hover class to search.png in the navbar to click to pop the panel up like how water app was set up.
findMine will always be the profile page where you can select your own icon
[npm i iciconic] icons: possibly allow user to select which border or atleast default mine.png to having the papayawhip. 
navbar search.png -> addClass('hover') so user knows to click their to open sidepanel (which will show user strains in <NoFeed> or other associative strains to other users in <Feed/>)
<!-- profile and icons -->
